    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML uses tags that are designated for certain types of information, rather than using solely spans and divs.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for adding content to a page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is within the opening tag of an element and it adds specificity to an element or gives other relevennt info.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An h1 tag is the main title on the page (visible) should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchors and images require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    In the head we put any titles of the page, navigation bars, etc.
    7. What is an id? 
    An id can be used to describe a specific single element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any elements can have an id.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class can be applied to multiple elements to refer to all of them.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Infinite.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Use a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    They are functionally the same, but a section is semantic, and makes more sense to a reader of your code.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style content on a page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Simply type the element name followed by curly braces.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is something you want to apply to several elements, an id only one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class type .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    Type p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is selecting all children elements nested within a parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector selects elements in a certain state, i.e. a:hover selects anchor elements that are touched by the mouse.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The universal selector: *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use the ls command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Use rm fileToRemove. You need to take care because there are no warnings.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To keep track of changes and retain the ability to revert to an earlier version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit whenever you complete anything notable. Treat it like saving.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork
    Clone
    branch
    add commit
    push
    pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline is on the current line. Block makes a new line.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It is positioned reletive to its starting position
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
